hey guys what's up its brandon here it's
been a while hopefully everybody's doing
okay so i just wanted to announce the
winner of the pimp my aquarium contest
before I get to that kind of
disappointed to be honest with you I've
set up to give away nearly you know
three hundred dollars and you know in a
prize and this is the only person who
actually did what they were supposed to
do what was asked of them and it wasn't
much it was literally create a video
less than a minute explaining why your
aquarium could use these wicked products
items and send it to me and for me to
review it and you know we'd pick a
winner from there but wasn't that hard
to pick a winner because money mark j
congratulations bro you've won you're
the only one that entered i had one more
entry come in after the deadline so yeah
that was a pretty easy win for you there
man congratulations super happy for you
please send me a PM with your address
and i will email the companies and they
will be sending out your reef keeper
light system your boost LED par30 bulb
and your aquatic life pump so your
prizes will be coming directly from the
companies themselves see I'm in
congratulations again super happy for
you I know you can use these and yeah so
that is all guys just want to announce
the winner and yeah hit me up for sure
money mark j give me all your your
contact information so that i can
forward that to the respective companies